This concludes our
complete intro to React.
You now know probably 85% of
everything that React can do.
And I'm gonna say you know 99.99%
of what is useful about React.
Everything that I didn't talk about in
React so far is really very edge case.
And frequently they are very much for
Facebook's use case and not your use case.
I guess it's something to keep in
mind with React just in general,
React is made by Facebook,
it's made by Facebook for facebook.com.
Most of us don't have Facebook problems,
right?
Even when I worked at Netflix,
Giant Application, lots of App State,
we still didn't have Facebook's problems.
Facebook has very peculiar and
interesting problems and
React solve some of these very elegantly.
So for some of us,
some of these transitions and
stuff that I didn't talk about,
it's gonna be very useful for them.
But for stuff like transitions I've
never personally had to put them in
an application, right?
So, we do talk about that stuff
in the intermediate React v5.
So if you've finished watching
this course and you're here,
I invite you to watch intermediate v5.
There's lots of goodness and
interesting things in there, so
that when you do need to
use those kinds of tools.
We talked about it and
you'll know exactly what you need.
I'm just gonna give you some suggestions
of where to go now with your learning.
The first one is obviously
take the intermediate course,
I wrote that as a companion to this one.
We actually take this application and
we further build on top of it.
We put things like TypeScript in there,
we put Redux.
I talked about transitions, I talked about
some of the hooks that we didn't use,
lots of goodness things.
Talked about testing, tailwind,
other things like that.
One of the things that we didn't do
here is there's more results, right?
So if you look at the results
here in your network tab,
you can see that this is
actually giving a response.
It gives you zero through nine, but
you can see that there's 63 results here.
So one of the things you could do here
is go through and paginate results.
So another thing you could do is you could
use a real API, previous versions of
course actually used to teach with
the actual real Petfinder API.
There's actually people that adopted
Pets because of this course,
which I'm pretty happy about.
But they kind of asked me to stop [LAUGH]
because there was a lot of people
generating keys for this and
it's heavy on their API.
But you can go in here and you can hook up
our application to the real Petfinder API,
and you can see real Pets which
I think is pretty rewarding.
Totally free, they're very happy about it.
They even have a JavaScript STK
here that shouldn't go in use.
So go ahead and give that a shot,
I think that's really cool.
This is more like an example, responses
they have a lot of stuff in here.
They have names, they have lots of images.
They have like links to actually go and
really adopt the Pet.
Something you can do now as you can deploy
your code, I left some places where you
can deploy that Netlify oversell as your
static web apps Firebase or Amplify.
All very [INAUDIBLE] places fly,
render just a bunch of them.
We didn't do themes, so
maybe go make a dark mode, right?
And you could use context to make a dark
mode, that'd be another good reason.
Add a nav bar, I mean this is
pretty bare bones navigation.
That'd be another good way to
kinda just flex your React skills.
We used VT, but you might try something
like parcel, or snow pack, or
maybe use ES build directly,
as opposed to V is using ES build for you.
Or something else If you do, let me know.
Share me either a link to a code Pen or
a GitHub report,
I would love to see what you're doing.
Feel free to tweet at me.
Thanks everyone, thanks for
sticking with me.
And hopefully, you enjoyed the course.
>> [APPLAUSE]